docs(security): Improve authentication docs (#27692)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/security/ldap.rst

Presto CLI
----------

> Please check :doc:`/clients/presto-cli` for instructions to set up Presto CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :doc:`/clients/presto-cli` for instructions to set up Presto CLI.
```

If you are using keystore file, it can be copied to the client machine and used
for its TLS configuration. If you are using truststore, you can either use

> default java truststore or create a custom truststore on the client machine. We do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default Java truststore, or create a custom truststore on the client machine. We do not
```
